[IMP] finance: avatax use add logging process (#9242)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/taxes/avatax/avatax_use.rst

It is possible to log Avalara/*AvaTax* actions in Odoo for further analysis or verification of
functionality. Logging is accessible through the *AvaTax* settings.

To start logging *AvaTax* actions, first, navigate to the :menuselection:`Accounting app -->
Configuration --> Settings`. Then, in the :guilabel:`Taxes` section, under the :guilabel:`AvaTax`
settings, click :guilabel:`Start logging for 30 minutes`. Upon starting the log process, Odoo will
log all Avalara/*AvaTax* actions performed in the database.

To view the logs, click on :guilabel:`Show logs` to the right of the :guilabel:`Start logging for 30
minutes` button. This will reveal a detailed list of Avalara/*AvaTax* actions. This list is sortable
by the following columns:

- :guilabel:`Created on`
- :guilabel:`Created by`
- :guilabel:`Database name`
- :guilabel:`Type`
- :guilabel:`Name`
- :guilabel:`Level`
- :guilabel:`Path`
- :guilabel:`Line`
- :guilabel:`Function`

.. tip::
   Custom fields can be made using Odoo *Studio*. Click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v`
   :guilabel:`ellipsis` menu to the far right of the header row. Then click :icon:`fa-plus`
   :guilabel:`Add custom field`. This action will open Odoo *Studio*.

>    Odoo *Studio* requires a *custom* pricing plan. Consult the database's customer success manager,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Odoo *Studio* requires a *custom* pricing plan. Consult the database's customer success manager
```

>    for more information on switching plans, or to see if Odoo *Studio* is including in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for more information on switching plans, or to see if Odoo *Studio* is included in the
```

>    database's current pricing plan.

Reviewer: I think this deserves an important admonition separate from and directly following the tip admonition

.. tip::
   Tax calculation can even be done on negative subtotals and credit notes.

Logging
=======

> It is possible to log Avalara/*AvaTax* actions in Odoo for further analysis or verification of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to log Avalara/*AvaTax* actions in Odoo for further analysis, or verification of
```

functionality. Logging is accessible through the *AvaTax* settings.

> To start logging *AvaTax* actions, first, navigate to the :menuselection:`Accounting app -->
> Configuration --> Settings`. Then, in the :guilabel:`Taxes` section, under the :guilabel:`AvaTax`
> settings, click :guilabel:`Start logging for 30 minutes`. Upon starting the log process, Odoo will
> log all Avalara/*AvaTax* actions performed in the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start logging *AvaTax* actions, first, navigate to the :menuselection:`Accounting app -->
Configuration --> Settings`.

Then, in the :guilabel:`Taxes` section, under the :guilabel:`AvaTax` settings, click
:guilabel:`Start logging for 30 minutes`.

Upon starting the log process, Odoo will log all Avalara/*AvaTax* actions performed in the database.
```
just to break up an otherwise "chunky" paragraph

To view the logs, click on :guilabel:`Show logs` to the right of the :guilabel:`Start logging for 30
minutes`. This reveals a detailed list of Avalara/*AvaTax* actions. This list is sortable by the
following columns:

> - :guilabel:`Created on` : this is a timestamp of the AvaTax calculation.
> - :guilabel:`Created by` : this is a numeric value of the user in the database.
> - :guilabel:`Database name` : this is the database name.
> - :guilabel:`Type` : there are two values this field can be, :guilabel:`Server` or
>   :guilabel:`Client`.
> - :guilabel:`Name` : this is the Avalara service name, in this case it will be *AvaTax*.
> - :guilabel:`Level` : by default this will be `INFO`.
> - :guilabel:`Path` : this indicates the path taken to make the calculation.
> - :guilabel:`Line` : this indicates the line that the calculation is made on.
> - :guilabel:`Function` : this indicates the calculation taken on the line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Created on`: timestamp of the *AvaTax* calculation.
- :guilabel:`Created by`: numeric value of the user in the database.
- :guilabel:`Database name`: name of the database.
- :guilabel:`Type`: two values can be chosen for this field, :guilabel:`Server` or
  :guilabel:`Client`.
- :guilabel:`Name`: Avalara service name. In this case, it will be *AvaTax*.
- :guilabel:`Level`: by default, this will be `INFO`.
- :guilabel:`Path`: indicates the path taken to make the calculation.
- :guilabel:`Line`: indicates the line the calculation is made on.
- :guilabel:`Function`: indicates the calculation taken on the line.
```

.. image:: avatax_use/logging.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Avalara logging page with top row of list highlighted.

> Click into the log line to reveal another field, called :guilabel:`Message`. This field populates a
> raw transcription of the transaction. This involves the creation or adjustment of a sales invoice
> using the Avalara AvaTax API. The transaction includes details such as addresses for shipping from
> and to, line items describing the products or services, tax codes, tax amounts, and other relevant
> information. The :guilabel:`Message` contains the calculated taxes for different jurisdictions and
> confirms the creation or adjustment of the transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click into the log line to reveal another field, called :guilabel:`Message`.

This field populates a raw transcription of the transaction, which involves the creation (or
adjustment) of a sales invoice using the Avalara *AvaTax* API.

The transaction includes details, such as addresses for shipping from
and to, line items describing the products or services, tax codes, tax amounts, and other relevant
information.

The :guilabel:`Message` contains the calculated taxes for different jurisdictions and confirms the
creation (or adjustment) of the transaction.
```

.. tip::
   Custom fields can be made using Odoo *Studio*. Click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v`

>    :guilabel:`ellipsis` menu to the far right of the header row. Then click :icon:`fa-plus`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`(ellipsis)` menu to the far-right of the header row. Then, click :icon:`fa-plus`
```

   :guilabel:`Add custom field`. This action opens Odoo *Studio*.

   .. important::
      Odoo *Studio* requires a *custom* pricing plan. Consult the database's customer success

>       manager for more information on switching plans, or to see if Odoo *Studio* is included in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      manager for more information on switching plans. Or, to see if Odoo *Studio* is included in the
```

- :guilabel:`Level`: by default, this will be `INFO`.
- :guilabel:`Path`: indicates the path taken to make the calculation.
- :guilabel:`Line`: indicates the line the calculation is made on.
- :guilabel:`Function`: indicates the calculation taken on the line.

.. image:: avatax_use/logging.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Avalara logging page with top row of list highlighted.

Click into the log line to reveal another field, called :guilabel:`Message`.

This field populates a raw transcription of the transaction, which involves the creation (or
adjustment) of a sales invoice using the Avalara *AvaTax* API.

The transaction includes details, such as addresses for shipping from and to, line items describing
the products or services, tax codes, tax amounts, and other relevant information.

The :guilabel:`Message` contains the calculated taxes for different jurisdictions and confirms the
creation (or adjustment) of the transaction.

.. tip::
   Custom fields can be made using Odoo *Studio*. Click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v`
   :guilabel:`(ellipsis)` menu to the far-right of the header row. Then click :icon:`fa-plus`
   :guilabel:`Add custom field`. This action opens Odoo *Studio*.

>    .. important::
>       Odoo *Studio* requires a *custom* pricing plan. Consult the database's customer success
>       manager for more information on switching plans. Or to see if Odoo *Studio* is included in the
>       database's current pricing plan. See this documentation: :doc:`../../../../studio`.

Reviewer 3: While it seems to be technically sound– I'd rather we do not stack admonitions as this is not traditionally done throughout our docs
```suggestion
.. important::
   Odoo *Studio* requires a *custom* pricing plan. Consult the database's customer success
   manager for more information on switching plans. Or to see if Odoo *Studio* is included in the
   database's current pricing plan. See this documentation: :doc:`../../../../studio`.
```
